today we're going to be modifying Sony's
new 4k action camera model number FDR X
1000 V Sony's answer to GoPros popular
hero4 black
capable of shooting 4k 30 frames per
second one of the coolest things that we
just figured out we just got it and we
plugged it into our 4k TV is that
there's a setting to output 4k video
something GoPro cameras are not capable
of doing right now they max out at 1080p
60 when outputting hua ok so today we're
going to take it apart and of course as
we usually do over here we're gonna swap
out the ugly fisheye lens which is
horrendous by the way we just hooked it
up to the 4k TV like I said and it's
pretty much unusable so we're gonna give
it a poke production it's treatment and
we're gonna put our super popular 5.4
millimeter 10 megapixel 60 degree field
of view it's essentially gonna be a 2
time zoom 10 megapixels so sharper then
the I believe with an 8 point 8
megapixel sensor in here you only need
8.4 megapixels to shoot 4k video so as
long as it's higher than that we're good
to go
carl zeiss lens and are 5.4 next to it
and we already know the 5.4 works in all
sony's other cameras the previous not in
4k ones so we're just gonna double check
that they didn't change anything inside
not wise to inhibit the ability to put
the v 4 in alright so let's get this
part you're gonna need a small Phillips
there's two screws one here one here I'm
gonna wanted to do both of those
all right once you get that screw that's
over here off you're gonna want undo the
other one that's underneath it they all
appear to be the same screws so don't
worry about next to those up okay so
once you've got the three screws off
you're gonna want to just grab the front
piece here and get your nails in there
if you want and giving that full slow
pull okay once you have it over the
camera body you're going to want to grab
these clips here one two three and
you're gonna want to pull them up and
slowly wiggle this piece off and there
we see the lens has an o-ring lens mount
let's see we're gonna grab the larger of
our players here grab the lens pinch the
lens mount or you can use some pliers
like this just grab the side of the lens
mount
and what
stock blends 5.4
and you're gonna want to view the HDMI
footage out of a camera and focus it
let's get it back assembled there we go
trick is to put the door in and then use
a small tool to push down a little part
that holds it onto the case hold that
steady
I just slide this in a little tab there
that you may need to push down with your
tool as you slide the electronics over
it
so you want to put the first screw in
then you're gonna want to put the door
in there's a little tab for her to grab
it then you're gonna want to put this
guy on making sure that the tab from
that little piece goes inside the little
part for the door
all right so all that's left is to put
battery in hook it up to TV with HDMI
just like on the GoPro and any other
camera you're gonna focus and twist the
lens to adjust the focus and that's
modifying the Sony FDR x1000 V Sony's 4k
capable camera taking out the stock lens
and putting in an aftermarket one here
we put the 5.4 millimeter the two time
zoom lens and sharper then the sensor is
in the camera so 4k video we perfect